Improve display of large operators in text based circuit drawer (#7279)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Alias for Identity (`I`) is now accessible from `qml.ops`.
  [(#7200)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7200)

> * `Sum`, `Prod`, `SProd`, and `LinearCombination` are now represented by a reference in the text
>   drawer, with a longer label printed underneath.
>   [(#7279)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7279)

Reviewer: ````suggestion
* When sums, products, and linear combinations of operators (`Sum`, `Prod`, `SProd`, and 
  `LinearCombination` instances) are arguments to other operators, circuit drawings 
  represent them by a reference in the text drawer, with a longer label printed underneath.
  [(#7279)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7279)
  
  ```python
  def f():
      qml.evolve(qml.X(0) + qml.Y(0), 0.5)
      return qml.expval(qml.sum(*(qml.H(i) for i in range(5))))
  ```
  ```pycon
  >>>  print(qml.draw(f)())
  0: ──Exp(-0.50j H:0)─┤ ╭<H:1>
  1: ──────────────────┤ ├<H:1>
  2: ──────────────────┤ ├<H:1>
  3: ──────────────────┤ ├<H:1>
  4: ──────────────────┤ ╰<H:1>
  H0 = X(0) + Y(0)
  H1 = H(0) + H(1) + H(2) + H(3) + H(4)
  ```
  
````

Author: Probably worth doing that after we've settled on a final design.

Reviewer: Ah okay no worries! FWIW, I like the design :)
